#summary Quick Start Scirocco.
#labels QuickStart,scirocco,Featured

= Quick Start Scirocco=

Way to use of Scirocco is as below.
<br>
<br>
= Installing the Scirocco plugin =

 # Start Eclipse. `*1)`
 # Select `[Help]` tab from menu bar.
 # Click `[Install New Software]` from pull-down menu.
 # Click `[Add...]` button at the right of 'Work with' field.
 # Enter 'Name' and 'Location' as table below.
 # Check 'Select All' and then click `[Next]` button.
 # Make sure Install details list have `SciroccoFeature`, and then click `[Next]` button.
 # Check 'I accept the terms of the license agreement' and click 'Finish' button, install will start. `*2)``*3)`
|| *Name:* || Scirocco ||
|| *Location:* || http://184.73.200.19/android/eclipse ||

`*1)` If Eclipse is not installed in your computer, access [http://www.eclipse.org/helios/] and install Eclipse 3.6(Helios). <br>
`*2)` If pop-up dialog labeled 'Security Warning' is displayed, click 'ok' button. <br>
`*3)` If pop-up dialog labeled 'Software Updates' is displayed, click 'Restart Now' button. <br> 
==Scirocco Settings==
 # Click `[Eclipse]` tab from menu bar, and then select`[Settings]` > `[Scirocco]`. 
 # Set Android SDK Location and then Click '[OK]' button.

<br>
<br>

= Sample Application and Sample Test Code =
== Download sample application and test code ==
 # Access [http://code.google.com/p/scirocco/downloads/list] by your web browser.
 # Download the `ExampleApplicationProject_v1.0.zip`and  to your computer with a web browser and unzip the package.
 # Download the `ExampleTestProject_v1.0.zip`, just do likewise.
 # After unzip it move them to your 'workspace' folder.
<br>

== How to import ==
 # Start Eclipse.
 # Click `[File]` from menu bar.
 # Click `[import]`.
 # Select `[Existing Project into Workspace]`and then go`[Next]`.
 # Click `[Browse]` button at the right of the 'Select achieve file' field.
 #
 # Import `ExampleApplicationProject_v1.0.zip`is the same way.
== Prepare Sample Application ==
Open an `AndroidManufest.xml` file of target application and make sure following permissions are set. It is necessary to capture screenshots.
{{{
	<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" />
}}}

<br>
<br>
== Prepare Sample Test Code  ==
Make sure your test project refers following jar files. It is necessary to perform test by scirocco.
 *robotium-solo-2.3-javadoc.jar
 *robotium-solo-2.3.jar
 *scirocco.jar
<br>

== Run Scirocco JUnit Test ==
Scirocco JUnit Test is able to run on android devices or emulator on your computer.



 # Right click sample application project.
 # Click `[Run As]` > `[Scirocco JUnit Test]` from menu and then Scirocco Unit Test will run.
During the test, Scirocco work automatically.
If Scirocco does not work, please return installing section and reinstall it.

Scirocco automatically do several works such as below. 
 * Running Test
 * Taking Screenshot
 * Making Test Report with result

When test finished, Scirocco create 'scirocco' folder in ???????? directory. Your test report is in scirocco folder.
<br>
<br>

= How to share your test reports? =
QuickStartSciroccoTMS is a test management system that provides easy share test reports with your project member.<br>
Please go to the below referenced web link for usage of Scirocco TMS. <br>
[http://code.google.com/p/scirocco/wiki/QuickStartSciroccoTMS QuickStartSciroccoTMS]