#summary Quick Start scirocco.
#labels QuickStart

= Quick Start scirocco=

このガイドでは、sciroccoを使ってandroidアプリケーションのUIテストを自動化する方法を説明します。
<br>
<br>
= Installing the scirocco plugin =

If you are already familiar with installing Eclipse plugins, you can just use the update site URL below for your version of Eclipse.
====Eclipse 3.6 (Helios)====
<font color="green">http://184.73.200.19/android/eclipse</font> 
<br>
<br>
= Download Example Application project =
In the Downloads section you will find ExampleApplicationProject_v1.0.zip.
Then you import ExampleApplicationProject_v1.0.zip by clicking on File --> Import --> Existing Project into workspace --> Select archive file --> ExampleApplicationProject_v1.0.zip.

アプリケーションプロジェクトのAndroidManifest.xmlを開き、以下のパーミッションが設定されている事を確認してください。この設定はテスト時にスクリーンショットを取得する場合に必要です。
{{{
	<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE" />
}}}

<br>
<br>
= Download Example test project =
In the Downloads section you will find ExampleTestProject_v1.0.zip which is an example test project created in Eclipse to test ExampleProject.

Then you import ExampleTestProject_v1.0.zip by clicking on File --> Import --> Existing Project into workspace --> Select archive file --> ExampleTestProject_v1.0.zip.

テストプロジェクトが以下のjarファイルを参照していることを確認してください。
sciroccoでテストを実行するために必要です。
 * robotium.jar
 * scirocco.jar


= Run Scirocco JUnit Test =
Then you can run these test cases either on the emulator or on device. You right click the test project and select Run As --> Scirocco JUnit Test.

テストの実行が終わると、テストプロジェクト内にsciroccoフォルダが作成されます。テスト結果が記述されたテスト報告書は、sciroccoフォルダ内に作成されています。


= テスト報告書をプロジェクトメンバーと共有するには？ =
テスト報告書をプロジェクトメンバーと共有したい場合は、scirocco TMSを使ってください。
sciroccoTMSはテスト報告書をWeb上で共有するためのテスト管理システムです。
[http://code.google.com/p/scirocco/w/edit/QuickStartSciroccoTMS QuickStartSciroccoTMS]